[All Hosts] (browsers) Adjust references to IE to account for Edge as… (#1295)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/attach-debugger-from-task-pane.md

> If you don't see the Personality menu, you can debug your add-in using Visual Studio. Ensure your task pane add-in is open in Office, and then follow these steps:
>
> 1. In Visual Studio, choose **DEBUG** > **Attach to Process**.

> > 2. In the **Available processes**, choose *either* all of the available `Iexplore.exe` processes *or* all of the available `MicrosoftEdge*.exe` process, depending on [whether your add-in is using IE or Edge](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md), and then choose the **Attach** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. In **Available processes**, choose *either* all of the available `Iexplore.exe` processes *or* all of the available `MicrosoftEdge*.exe` processes, depending on [whether your add-in is using Internet Explorer or Microsoft Edge](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md), and then choose the **Attach** button.
```

For more information about debugging in Visual Studio, see the following:

-	To launch and use the DOM Explorer in Visual Studio, see Tip 4 in the [Tips and Tricks](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/officeapps/2013/04/16/building-great-looking-apps-for-office-using-the-new-project-templates/#tips_tricks) section of the [Building great-looking apps for Office using the new project templates](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/officeapps/2013/04/16/building-great-looking-apps-for-office-using-the-new-project-templates) blog post.
-	To set breakpoints, see [Using Breakpoints](/visualstudio/debugger/using-breakpoints?view=vs-2015).
-	To use F12, see [Using the F12 developer tools](/previous-versions/windows/internet-explorer/ie-developer/samples/bg182326(v=vs.85)).

> -   To use the Edge Developer Tools, see [Microsoft Edge DevTools](https://www.microsoft.com/p/microsoft-edge-devtools-preview/9mzbfrmz0mnj?activetab=pivot%3Aoverviewtab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   To use the Microsoft Edge Developer Tools, see [Microsoft Edge DevTools](https://www.microsoft.com/p/microsoft-edge-devtools-preview/9mzbfrmz0mnj?activetab=pivot%3Aoverviewtab).
```
